applications: nrf_desktop: Align Gaming Mouse Tx Power. (#14639)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    You must use the alias to specify the QDEC instance used for scroll wheel, if your board supports multiple QDEC instances (for example ``nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp``).
    You do not need to define the alias if your board supports only one QDEC instance, because in that case, the wheel module can rely on the ``qdec`` DT label provided by the board.

* Updated:

>   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` kconfig option value for the nRF52840 Gaming Mouse to better match the Fast Pair requirements.

Reviewer: Maybe we could inform that it only affects configurations with Fast Pair support?

```suggestion
  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option value in the nRF52840 Gaming Mouse configurations with Fast Pair support.
   The value was aligned with Fast Pair requirements.
```

Author: Addressed.

    You must use the alias to specify the QDEC instance used for scroll wheel, if your board supports multiple QDEC instances (for example ``nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp``).
    You do not need to define the alias if your board supports only one QDEC instance, because in that case, the wheel module can rely on the ``qdec`` DT label provided by the board.

> 
> * Updated:
> 
>   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option value in the nRF52840 Gaming Mouse configurations with the Fast Pair support.
>     The value was aligned with the Fast Pair requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

* Updated the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option value in the nRF52840 Gaming Mouse configurations with the Fast Pair support.
  The value is now aligned with the Fast Pair requirements.
```
since it's just one item

Author: Addressed
